Release notes 20220725 (#402)
circonus/docs: content/circonus/on-premises/changelog/2022.md

# Release Notes 2022

## 2022-07-25

[EL7 pinned
repo](/circonus/on-premises/installation/installation/#el7-repo):
`baseurl=http://updates.circonus.net/centos/7/release-20220725/x86_64/`

### ca

Version: 0.1.1630083710 (f5879e1)

* No changes since [2021-09-06](/circonus/on-premises/changelog/2021#2021-09-06)

### caql_broker

Version: 0.1.1658256585 (2033494)

* Checks on clustered nodes will interoperate better with the Circonus UI.
  (CIRC-8693)
* Add support for `find:sum()`. (CIRC-8729)

### data_storage

Related roles: caql_broker, fault_detection, stratcon

Version: 0.1.1658332819 (5d6d5ee)

**Function Removal Notice**

> Metric Search v2 and Metric Clusters have been deprecated for some time.  We
> plan to remove these deprecated functions soon for the SaaS site, and in the
> subsequent Inside release. This will affect CAQL checks as well as CAQL
> Datapoints on graphs. The UI will now show users a warning when one of the
> deprecated functions is used. Circonus offers a more powerful tag-search
> feature, exposed as `find()` in CAQL.

* Disallow adding `__check_uuid` or `__name` tags in check tags and ignore them
  if they are already there. (CIRC-8774)

> * Double `latest` values in `/find` calls will now round less and be more

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Floating point `latest` values in `/find` calls will now round less and be more
```

`latest` returns two values, so using "double" there, while correct, is confusing.

  accurate. (CIRC-8615)
* Add `min` mechanism arg to `top` reduction and add `bottom` reduction to
  `/fetch`. (CIRC-8732)
* Add `method="min"` to `top()` and `bottom()` CAQL functions. (CIRC-8732)
* Implement `bottom()` CAQL function. (CIRC-8732)
* More user-errors in CAQL are reported as 4xx HTTP status codes. (CIRC-7874)
* Fix bug where doubles were being mistakenly cast to integers when returning

>   the last known raw datapoints in `find/tags` calls. (CIRC-8615)

Reviewer: This is the same update as the "double latest" one.   Please merge.

Author: Done.
